the show is quite long but not as long
as when I saw Ken Dodd at the open air
theatre in readers park and I left after
two and a half hours during the interval
okay he did five hours I mean he was 75
then five hours of stand-up comedy I
can't even fucking stand up for five
hours these days and he bounced out I
mean I went along somewhat ironically
but he is a legend we got there and I
went along with a girlfriend
and I was we were the youngest by about
30 years I think everyone else is like
in their seventies and they must follow
da D around and they knew they're in it
for the long haul they come in kugels
and packed lunches right and I don't
know if you've been to the open-air
theatre and Regents Park but it's like
this without a roof obviously it's got a
stage show and lights and it's got fixed
seating okay it's sort of like
amphitheater seating all the way around
the outside and there's nothing in the
middle I just left that wild you can't
sit there it's just like I want to say
grassy knoll but I'm not sure I know
what an awl is I've only ever heard that
when people are talking about the
Kennedy assassination I assume it's a
hillock but I don't want to say hillock
when a president's had his brains out
because it's vaguely comical isn't it
you go the president's been shot oh well
from where I hit look of what they say
no and they go oh so you go oh no shot
him or what the fuck's a null it adds to
the mystery anyway so
I look down and I realized that one
person I used the term loosely at sort
of sat there okay and the Security
Letter and people were ignoring it I
thought Oh anyway she was a bit and oh
my god she was but I'm trying to be
politically correct tonight I'm trying
to avoid the phrase fat mental bird
that's what she was why do people use
euphemisms that they go like the trial
but you've said it we know what you'll
say you've said mental in fact you've
said it so more people understand the
death and foreigners could understand
what you're saying now
I don't want to say fat anymore they use
you foods for fat they don't say facts
that it's derogatory term it's not it's
descriptive okay they say things like oh
you know Brenda no oh you know Brenda
but big girl what seven foot no not talk
but big what she look like
ah but you know she's clammy even in
winter
just say that you know Brenda she she's
out of breath just standing up at her
desk I've been accused in the past of
having a go at flat people I've never
had a go at fat people I've only ever
pointed out the scientific fact that you
get fat you put on white you put on a
sub cuticle layer of fat if you take in
more calories than you burn off that's
indisputable okay I don't judge them in
any other aspect of their life but they
got fat because they took on more
calories than they burn off okay and
they knew that is what was happening no
one ever got fat behind their own back
no one ever went
no one's creeping in to thin people's
apartments and injecting their lettuce
with a million calories okay so they
they're doing it they're doing it with
their own free will and they know that's
what's making them fat okay you see a
fat person surrounded by puddings right
you go up there we go Frank
you know what's making you fat he
doesn't go is all the running he knows
it's
so what I'm saying is you get fat if you
eat too much and you know that's what's
happening but I don't judge them in any
other aspect of their life I don't make
value judgments and any other corridors
of their existence if I see a fat person
I don't go oh he's fat therefore he's
probably jolly a lot of my miserable if
I see a fat girl I don't go ah she'd be
pretty if she lost weight that's rarely
the case so a lot of them started eating
because they had fuchal to lose if I'm
being I don't want any fat people to
feel uncomfortable at one of my gigs so
next time buy two seats I'm joking I'm
joking I've got I haven't got a problem
with fat people in fact I feel sorry for
them now even though it is their own
fault and it is their own fault I feel
sorry for them particularly women
because I think fat is a feminist issue
men get fat and we go fuck it all bought
and paid for right
we don't come under the same scrutiny of
society as women because they're
inundated with how they should look this
size zero models and magazines would
look like this and this diet that diet
keep your man and I think they make such
an effort you see fat girls they make an
effort they've always got lovely hair on
those over their heads and I always be
what they've all got lovely hair and
lovely long nails they make an effort
anything but jogging
they love high heels don't they Fargo's
they love high heels they think it makes
their legs look less it doesn't they you
can just hear him coming now not on the
line Oh up and down the lawn this good
for it go on there you go
but I'm not having a go I was into radio
for the other day and it was a
discussion about political correctness
my name came up straight away as always
okay and this one was going well yeah
it's not right that do you know it's not
clever he makes fun of fat people
it makes jokes about fat people and it's
not right I mean he wouldn't make jokes
about gay people woody and being fat is
like being gay
what no it's not you can't choose your
sexuality we've established you choose
to be fat by eating it right okay
but when with your sexuality you're born
you grow up you discover you like
same-sex relationships you move to
Brighton and and that's it you're gay
with being fat you have to work for
being fat to be the same as being gay
you would have to be born straight grow
up knowing you're straight but gradually
and consciously wean yourself onto cock
do not there doesn't happen happy 16th
birthday son this is Raul right suck his
cock I'm heterosexual father all with
his newfangled words suck his cock come
on III don't like cock doesn't like cock
how do you know if you've never tried it
so kiss come on
oh wow Scott for your father he's paid
fit Constance I don't know just try it
just took a little bit of card just try
it's bloody playing with this cock put
it in your mouth oh come on suck it you
bastard suck it oh it's not so bad is it
I fucking love these
when that happens being fat will be like
being gay until then attempt I was on a
plane going from New York to LA this
year and they've got proper fat people
in America
oh really they put us to shame really
you see one and you think is a fat
person I've seen that we got them in
England yeah a big fat Facebook what the
fuck are they
it's like they've gone I've got as fat
as I possibly can we need to get an
extension we need to go got shelves
actually got shelves but they keep
biscuits on them
and me and my girlfriend will one side
of the plane okay then there was the
aisle then this side were two really big
fat women
okay and one was even fatter than the
other one
right in fact she got on and she went
just blase quite loudly she went can I
have about extension and they went yeah
sure yeah of course she can you've
earned it right so proper fat in fact I
was thinking according to pile out I'm
going should one of us swap with one of
them just otherwise we're just going to
Canada I mean
and she was there okay and she'd got on
the plane with one of those takeaway
buckets a fast food bucket I mean
there's your first clue when did that
happen
when did fat people just going a golf
fuck it give me a treat me like a farm
animal just
in fact just strap it to my fucking head
give me in a bucket give it out like a
meal in a bucket please
he's sure you don't just want a big
plate I grew up plates when I was 5 year
contracts and she's there and she's
jamming down on it
and she turns to her friend and says
this is the best fried chicken I've had
all day
unbelievable but I'm not gonna go I'm
not having a go even though it is their
own fault
and it is their own fault I I feel sorry
for them
because I found this out actually to be
fair I don't know if you know this about
fat people they fucking love cake love
it
you can't leave a cake out of fat person
you can adjust bike to cake for later
and your neighbor fuck neighbor come
round she could still be chewing the
last of her lunch and she'd come in and
she'd see the cake and she just stopped
and then she look at you like that and
you'll go oh that's for Brian's birthday
duan a little bit yeah go on just a
little bit yeah yeah just just a little
taste there you go there oh thank you oh
oh that is lovely
oh that is beautiful I'll fuck it but I
blame the food industries right if you
go in a supermarket it's full of that
crap everything is hydrogenated fats
ever there's are thousands of calories
in like a a portion they're injecting
calories with calories and deep-frying
them and sprinkling on fucking calories
okay and I think that fat people find
that irresistible they've got no
willpower so I think we've got to help
them okay and also have you seen how big
the doors are to get into a supermarket
they're they're quadruped no one gets
too big to get through the door of a
supermarket okay so and they open
automatically so no one's using calories
by pushing anything okay it's a good job
they do open automatically because they
usually glass and the fat person seen
the cake from down there and they just
didn't like that
and they're grazing they're grazing like
that right keep the door keep the big
door come on fat people you can all get
in you can all get in a come in their
company or may they come right and
they're in there but when they get in
there it's all fresh fruit and veg and
whole grain so and there be of course
there be flabbergasted at first they
were understand it that that's not real
food to them they think Brussels sprouts
is packagin they're looking where's the
cake the cakes are over there oh the
cakes are over here the cakes are over
here through a human-sized door oh and
they go they take their heels off
they're trying to hook some cake to do
their star beads they have to go any a
banana nuts anything just try and
they're back and forth and the fats
falling off them right and soon they can
slip through the door and I've a cake
and they can't go again but
but I'm saying we've got to do something
we've got to intervene because we've got
to help them and people say no no no do
with you it's their body it's their life
yeah but we don't say that about wearing
a crash helmet or wearing a safety belt
do we or if you've got a smackhead in
the family you don't go oh it's his body
loves the old heroine right yeah you go
please don't die please stop this shit
and you grab it and you throw him in a
cupboard for three weeks or whatever I'm
not you can't throw a fat person in a
cupboard you do your back in like me but
I'm saying smart codes don't weigh
anything even fling them around though
they're going in fact when they're lying
there just get the needle and just flick
and they just sort of go in
fat people you gotta lure them in just a
little trial of M&Ms there follow that
anywhere see I do
Oh God mmm where was I
oh yeah Ken Dodd right so I'm at Ken
Dodd there's this big fat woman sitting
there and obviously security I assume
she must follow da drowned because
everyone's turning a blind eye right
even Dodd Dodds ignore she's 20 yards
from him I and he's and she's oh my god
I got used one of his words she's blonde
Beulah okay she's about 4550 Stone
no she's about she's about 20 stone and
she sat there cross-legged eating a
packed lunch okay she's this like big
white graying sort of t-shirt and oh and
wearing leggings no don't wear leggings
if you're that shape okay it looked like
someone had painted the bottom of an egg
black
and she'd made no effort actually she
had lank greasy and she'd eaten her
nails I think I tell you what she looked
like this might not mean anything to you
but they're the bane of my life she
looked like an autograph hunter now
these people are the epsilon liners of
society even trainspotters look down on
autograph funders
they've all got this haircut right
everything is tucked in their walls got
like a satchel where they just rip
things out the Radio Times sign this
Ricky yeah sign this sign this that's a
piece of toast mate what not one of them
symmetrical
I mean they're a mess I don't mean their
clothes I mean their fuckin DNA it's
just back to handsome I was some I was
doing a radio interview um a while back
on capitol radio in Leicester Square and
it was live which is always a mistake
because these little freaks hear you at
home and nowadays because of their phone
scandals
if something's pre-recorded they have to
tell you about it so if it really is
live they bang on about it and they were
going he's actually here now in the
heart of London this Ricky Gervais is
it's quarter to 11 and they hear you and
they go he's there
and they come along and wait for you
they know where you are at right and I
was coming down the stairs after the
interview and the security guard said oh
there's a few autograph I went out there
and there the one about 16 of them man
I don't know the collective noun gaggle
amongst who
and the first thing that hits you is the
Bo it is staggering okay
and so I'm nice to him they're strong
and love it and I'm sorry okay I'm
getting away and I don't going away
right I feel somebody hit me there and I
looked down and it wasn't one of them
it was this old lady that sort of
wondered over the square she was about
really sort of grimy right and sort of
bandana my sort of tax was on it's all
these a robe thing and sort of bangles
and she was selling like some sort of
twig in in tin foil okay and I don't
know the politically correct term is it
smelly traveler think is right and she
went lucky ever I went no thanks I want
to go back go what what lucky ever is it
is it how lucky is it because you're
covered in the shit and you're begging
in Leicester Square so fucking maggot
i Ken Dodd sorry right so Ken Dodd me
hundreds of all people okay Ken Dodd
home your muchas right fat mad woman sat
there cross-legged hmm every time Dodd
goes home she goes
I mean everyone's ignoring her that she
must go to every concert of a bitter
stalker
daaad not a put off at all just do
anything Jane's going don't look don't
go you having a laugh ain't you I can't
take my eyes off but I'm looking at this
every token home I'm looking at here I'm
looking at her look at him that I back
it back what it's like tennis it won't
grow over the cuckoo's nest it was like
and so she's there all right and this is
true story after about 20 minutes her
hand goes down the leggings yeah yeah
and right so everyone just available go
away I'll go oh my god oh my god Sully
this is interesting again hum right so
I'm just caught and no but she's not
doing it discreetly and little fucking
legs are straight out I mean 20 yards in
front the dog tries to heighten the all
sort of jokes weren't activated it was
under the carpet
right and she's
maybe she's making a noise no my fucking
bin she's made she stopped going
because she was flipper right what
Timmy's falling down a well I think she
wants us to follow her right so she's
going she's gonna way she finishes she
goes she goes ah ah has another sandwich
Oh
true story I don't know I talk to you
it's out of my hands and in two yards
now
you